So now that you've completed
Intermediate TypeScript V2,
there are several different courses that
you now have the knowledge to take on.
One of them is making TypeScript stick.
So that's a course based
around a lot of examples and
a lot of hands-on practice that
you can use to take these skills
that we've learned and
get a lot of exercise.
It's almost like personal training for
working with types.
Full Stack TypeScript is a course where
we build a Node.js backend and a React
frontend and have type-checking that works
across both our backend and frontend.
One set of types that sort of
connects the two worlds together.
Enterprise-scale TypeScript,
that's where we discuss linting,
project setup, how to achieve modular
architecture within a git.repo for
a larger TypeScript project,
API surface extraction, and
API documentation that uses your types.
You should also take a look at React and
TypeScript, taught by Steve Kenny, where
he gets into the finer points of using
TypeScript within a complicated React app.
I hope you found this course useful.
I hope this gives you the knowledge
that you need in order to take your
TypeScript use and help your team take
your code bases to the next level.
Thanks for joining us, and
I hope you enjoyed the course.
[APPLAUSE]